 I always think who is god and who are we ? Am I god my slef ? Is every-one god  or 
 is there a god particle in every-one or god is there in every-one .
 I am trying to find answers to these questions , these are not easy questions or there is no ready made answer for them .
 We just need to keep thinking till we get reasonable answers .
 
 My current thinking is : 
 
 We are parasites on nature  , let me say We are parasites on our parent god .
 So we can say parent god is universe which we can see . our parent gods contains all the below things which we see or which we can feel:
 Universe is made up earth , sun , air , water , sky , humans , trees , animals , various creature , entire solar system , entire galaxy .
 whatever up to which we can imagine is part of our immediate parent god.
 I can't say our parent god is also human he can be tree , animal , creature or any shape , etc .
 For convinence purpose I want to refer our nature or universe as masculine with name God.
 I am not sure if someone has seen him , I think it may be possiable with medidation or yoga .
 
 All I wanted to say is , nature i.e God has life , he can feel and he is made up us ( humans , trees , animals , various creature ,etc )
 It means to say I am part of god , and god is made up of me.
 So we are all part of same person i.e God. If I hurt anything in our nature , I am hurting the God and ultimatly I am hurting myself .
 Say If I cut the trees , I kill or hurt the animal , person or anything , then  I am hurting the parent god and eventually I am hurting myself .
 This is called karma .
 
Time and again universe has taught us , if we go against nature , nature will teach us lession in its own way.
Ex: Tsunami , earthquake , deadly disease like corona virus , sars , plague etc are answers of nature for our karma .
Ofcourse when nature is answering , it wont answer only to the people whoo has done mistake , it will answer to all .
 
Ex: When I get fever I will take a antibiotic , then along with bad bacteria , some good bacteria will also die . 
This is the way if our parent god is in problem , he will take necessary actions to protect himself . 
Then those who are creating problem him will be removed along wth some innocent people.

As long as we in hormony with or nature , we can surivive .If we go against nature we will perish .
 
Like this we are also god to our parasites , we have our own sytem inside of us.
Lots of parasites exists withen our body , ex : Good and bad bacteria , cells ,RBC , WBC ,  virus , etc .
If they are in hormony with us we dont take any actions , if they started troubling , our body will take necessary action .
We may take some antibiotic or some medicine to stop bad things happeining to our system .

